n= 25 m= 5 k= 2 p= 512
buildTimeDuration= 1 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 0 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 1 milli-seconds
iterations= 0

n= 50 m= 5 k= 5 p= 512
buildTimeDuration= 1 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 1 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 2 milli-seconds
iterations= 1

n= 75 m= 5 k= 7 p= 512
buildTimeDuration= 2 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 1 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 3 milli-seconds
iterations= 2

n= 100 m= 5 k= 10 p= 512
buildTimeDuration= 3 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 2 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 5 milli-seconds
iterations= 2

n= 125 m= 5 k= 12 p= 512
buildTimeDuration= 5 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 9 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 14 milli-seconds
iterations= 5

n= 150 m= 5 k= 15 p= 512
buildTimeDuration= 7 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 14 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 21 milli-seconds
iterations= 6

n= 200 m= 5 k= 20 p= 512
buildTimeDuration= 14 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 37 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 51 milli-seconds
iterations= 9

n= 25 m= 5 k= 2 p= 384
buildTimeDuration= 1 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 0 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 1 milli-seconds
iterations= 0

n= 50 m= 5 k= 5 p= 384
buildTimeDuration= 1 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 0 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 1 milli-seconds
iterations= 1

n= 75 m= 5 k= 7 p= 384
buildTimeDuration= 1 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 2 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 3 milli-seconds
iterations= 2

n= 100 m= 5 k= 10 p= 384
buildTimeDuration= 3 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 2 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 5 milli-seconds
iterations= 2

n= 125 m= 5 k= 12 p= 384
buildTimeDuration= 5 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 8 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 13 milli-seconds
iterations= 5

n= 150 m= 5 k= 15 p= 384
buildTimeDuration= 7 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 15 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 22 milli-seconds
iterations= 6

n= 200 m= 5 k= 20 p= 384
buildTimeDuration= 13 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 22 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 35 milli-seconds
iterations= 9

