n= 25 m= 5 k= 2 p= 1024
buildTimeDuration= 0 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 4 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 4 milli-seconds
iterations= 0

n= 50 m= 5 k= 5 p= 1024
buildTimeDuration= 1 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 23 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 24 milli-seconds
iterations= 1

n= 75 m= 5 k= 7 p= 1024
buildTimeDuration= 1 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 53 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 54 milli-seconds
iterations= 2

n= 100 m= 5 k= 10 p= 1024
buildTimeDuration= 3 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 59 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 62 milli-seconds
iterations= 2

n= 125 m= 5 k= 12 p= 1024
buildTimeDuration= 5 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 111 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 116 milli-seconds
iterations= 5

n= 150 m= 5 k= 15 p= 1024
buildTimeDuration= 8 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 148 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 156 milli-seconds
iterations= 6

n= 200 m= 5 k= 20 p= 1024
buildTimeDuration= 14 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 166 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 180 milli-seconds
iterations= 9

n= 25 m= 5 k= 2 p= 896
buildTimeDuration= 1 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 1 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 2 milli-seconds
iterations= 0

n= 50 m= 5 k= 5 p= 896
buildTimeDuration= 1 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 2 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 3 milli-seconds
iterations= 1

n= 75 m= 5 k= 7 p= 896
buildTimeDuration= 1 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 3 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 4 milli-seconds
iterations= 2

n= 100 m= 5 k= 10 p= 896
buildTimeDuration= 3 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 4 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 7 milli-seconds
iterations= 2

n= 125 m= 5 k= 12 p= 896
buildTimeDuration= 5 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 10 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 15 milli-seconds
iterations= 5

n= 150 m= 5 k= 15 p= 896
buildTimeDuration= 7 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 11 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 18 milli-seconds
iterations= 6

n= 200 m= 5 k= 20 p= 896
buildTimeDuration= 14 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 22 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 36 milli-seconds
iterations= 9

n= 25 m= 5 k= 2 p= 768
buildTimeDuration= 1 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 1 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 2 milli-seconds
iterations= 0

n= 50 m= 5 k= 5 p= 768
buildTimeDuration= 1 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 1 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 2 milli-seconds
iterations= 1

n= 75 m= 5 k= 7 p= 768
buildTimeDuration= 2 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 3 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 5 milli-seconds
iterations= 2

n= 100 m= 5 k= 10 p= 768
buildTimeDuration= 3 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 4 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 7 milli-seconds
iterations= 2

n= 125 m= 5 k= 12 p= 768
buildTimeDuration= 4 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 10 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 14 milli-seconds
iterations= 5

n= 150 m= 5 k= 15 p= 768
buildTimeDuration= 7 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 11 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 18 milli-seconds
iterations= 6

n= 200 m= 5 k= 20 p= 768
buildTimeDuration= 13 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 23 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 36 milli-seconds
iterations= 9

n= 25 m= 5 k= 2 p= 640
buildTimeDuration= 1 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 1 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 2 milli-seconds
iterations= 0

n= 50 m= 5 k= 5 p= 640
buildTimeDuration= 0 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 2 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 2 milli-seconds
iterations= 1

n= 75 m= 5 k= 7 p= 640
buildTimeDuration= 1 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 3 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 4 milli-seconds
iterations= 2

n= 100 m= 5 k= 10 p= 640
buildTimeDuration= 3 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 3 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 6 milli-seconds
iterations= 2

n= 125 m= 5 k= 12 p= 640
buildTimeDuration= 5 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 10 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 15 milli-seconds
iterations= 5

n= 150 m= 5 k= 15 p= 640
buildTimeDuration= 7 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 16 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 23 milli-seconds
iterations= 6

n= 200 m= 5 k= 20 p= 640
buildTimeDuration= 13 milli-seconds
swapTimeDuration= 23 milli-seconds
overalTimeDuration= 36 milli-seconds
iterations= 9

